c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\BootApp.dll.config
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\BootApp.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\BootApp.pdb
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\obj\Debug\BootApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\obj\Debug\BootApp.dll
c:\users\анна\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BootApp\BootApp\obj\Debug\BootApp.pdb
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\BootApp.dll.config
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\BootApp.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\BootApp.pdb
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\obj\Debug\BootApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\obj\Debug\BootApp.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\obj\Debug\BootApp.pdb
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\BootApp.dll.config
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\BootApp.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\BootApp.pdb
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\obj\Debug\BootApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\obj\Debug\BootApp.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\obj\Debug\BootApp.pdb
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Portable.Licensing.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\T4MVCExtensions.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\TwitterBootstrapMVC4.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\project2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Portable.Licensing.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\BootApp.dll.config
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\BootApp.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\BootApp.pdb
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Portable.Licensing.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\T4MVCExtensions.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\TwitterBootstrapMVC4.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Portable.Licensing.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\obj\Debug\BootApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\obj\Debug\BootApp.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Desktop\Biblio\BootApp\BootApp\obj\Debug\BootApp.pdb
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\BootApp.dll.config
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\BootApp.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\BootApp.pdb
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Portable.Licensing.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\T4MVCExtensions.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\TwitterBootstrapMVC4.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Portable.Licensing.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\obj\Debug\BootApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\obj\Debug\BootApp.dll
C:\Users\Галина\Documents\GitHub\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\obj\Debug\BootApp.pdb
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\BootApp.dll.config
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\BootApp.dll
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\BootApp.pdb
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Portable.Licensing.dll
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\T4MVCExtensions.dll
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\TwitterBootstrapMVC4.dll
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Portable.Licensing.xml
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\obj\Debug\BootApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\obj\Debug\BootApp.dll
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\obj\Debug\BootApp.pdb
D:\Biblio2015\BootApp\BootApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
